{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh19680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Looking to build a video playback system that is triggered via sACN. The system will need to support dual monitors for output. One set of DMX channels will be for Monitor 1 and another for Monitor 2.\
\
I need a modern UI that begins with a navigation panel on the left side. Things should be grouped into cards, and have a clean modern look.\
\
This navigation panel should include the following categories:\
DMX\
Configuration\
Layout\
Preview\
\
\
DMX panel that includes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}sACN configuration that can set the incoming IP address\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Have a dropdown that allows you to pick a network card. It should show the IP on that card.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The ability to specify whether it's receiving multicast or unicast\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If unicast, allow for them to configure the settings\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Needs to be able to set the universe\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Configuration:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Assign a start channel for monitor 1 and another for monitor 2\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Each monitor will need a channel assigned to select a video or JPG, and a second channel for a dimmer control\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Needs to be able to support MP4 playback, JPG, and PNG.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Part of the monitor configuration should be selecting an output resolution of HD, 4K, or a custom resolution for each monitor\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Needs the ability to set a start channel for both monitor 1 and 2. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Need to assign a media folder for monitors 1 and 2\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Need to be able to set the orientation of each monitor \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Lyout:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\'95	I need the ability to set screen layouts as: horizontal side by side, horizontal stacked, vertical side by side, vertical stacked\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Preview:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Show a scaled-down version of the configuration setup in the layout panel. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Have a slider that allows the user to change the DMX value from 0 to 255.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Have two modes: listen and test\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If in listen mode, input is from sACN.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If test, skip the sACN input and directly pull up the clip associated with that number\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Other information\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Supported video clips are MP4\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Supported image files are JPG and PNG\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Valid format for a clip is that it must have a three-digit number followed by an undrscore then a clip name. Example 001_myclip.mp4 or 001_myimage.jpg\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The three-digit number before the underscore corresponds to the DMX value. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Channel configurations is a follows: Start channel is the video clip, next channel is dimmer, and the third is play type\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}if the playback value is 0 loop the clip or image, it 1 play the video clip to the end then go back to black\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Have a production mode button. When clicked, make monitors 1 and 2 show a black screen and start listening for sACN. When a valid channel and value are received show the video or image\
\
Refer to PRD for tech specifications.}